## HW12; Score: 16/20

Fellas, thanks for the poster draft. It's a very nice presentation, but I'm missing a big piece: what is the question that you are trying to answer? I get that you are modelling energy shifts in the Hydrogen atom, but that's an analytical result that we can use (as you did) pertubation theory to understand. As you work on your poster, I think it's important for you to make very clear what you are doing differently. Maybe, even pose the question in one of the early boxes. I do see that you appear to be combining the Zeeman and Stark effect as a changing magnetic field will produce an electric field, but it's still not precisely clear to me how all this is working in your mind. Now, to your question about your analytical calculations...I think there might be a problem here. So, without going to the wave form, you should have something like \frac{\partial E_y}{\partial x} - \frac{\partial E_x}{\partial y} = -b. This PDE describes how the x and y components of the eletric field relate to the rate of cahnge of the magnetic field (b). If b is a constant, there's still quite a few specific solutions to the PDE, right? It will depend on the specific boundary conditions on the problem. You could develop a functional form that the solution satisfies, but without BCs, you will not be able to fully solve the PDE. Now, that form should still be consistent with the "wave equation" that you have, but I'm not sure that it matters as you've already shown that the electric field has no time dependence.
